README.md, before:

# bitbuy-assignment
Download the code

Run mvn clean install in the folder with the pom.xml file

For positive test cases, please use the below API endpoints and sample request to test in the given order using Postman:-

# a) POST : http://localhost:8080/api/create
Request Body -
{
    "userName": "testname",
    "password": "pass100"

} 

Expected Response: Status 201 created and the created user returned in the Response Body

# b) POST : http://localhost:8080/api/login
{
    "userName": "testname",
    "password": "pass100"

} 

Expected Response: Status 200 OK and the message "User login success" in the Response Body

# c) GET: http://localhost:8080/api/users/1
In the Autharization -> Type Basic Auth, enter:-

Username: bitbuy
Password: Crypto$123

Expected Response: Status 200 OK and the message user details in the Response Body

# d) POST : http://localhost:8080/api/users/1
In the Autharization -> Type Basic Auth 
Username: bitbuy
Password: Crypto$123
{
    "userName" : "testname",
    "password" : "pass100",
    "name": "Manish",
    "email": "bitbuy@test.com",
    "phone" : "6147890235"
}

Expected Response: Status 200 OK and the message user details in the Response Body

Commit message:

updated the run command & Parm for SecuredGetReq

README.md, after:

# bitbuy-assignment

# Pre-requisite: JDK8+ and maven should be installed in machine

Download the code

Using commnd line, in the folder where the pom.xml file exists, run command :-  mvn clean install

From target folder run command :-  java -jar bitbuy-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar

For positive test cases, please use the below API endpoints and sample request to test in the given order using Postman:-

# a) POST : http://localhost:8080/api/create
Request Body -
{
    "userName": "testname",
    "password": "pass100"

} 

Expected Response: Status 201 created and the created user returned in the Response Body

# b) POST : http://localhost:8080/api/login
{
    "userName": "testname",
    "password": "pass100"

} 

Expected Response: Status 200 OK and the message "User login success" in the Response Body

# c) GET: http://localhost:8080/api/users/1
In the Autharization -> Type Basic Auth, enter:-

Username: bitbuy
Password: Crypto$123

Under Headers, provide this key value
userName: testname

Expected Response: Status 200 OK and the message user details in the Response Body

# d) POST : http://localhost:8080/api/users/1
In the Autharization -> Type Basic Auth 
Username: bitbuy
Password: Crypto$123
{
    "userName" : "testname",
    "password" : "pass100",
    "name": "Manish",
    "email": "bitbuy@test.com",
    "phone" : "6147890235"
}

Expected Response: Status 200 OK and the message user details in the Response Body
